---
title: Antibodies
---

## Antibodies for tissue-based CyCIF

Tissue cyclic immunofluorescence (t-CyCIF) uses antibodies to spatially profile
protein targets in human resection specimens. Commercially available antibodies
that perform well in immunohistochemistry (IHC) and immunofluorescence (IF)
assays are not guaranteed compatible with t-CyCIF, since tissue preparation,
antigen retrieval, and processing protocols vary. It is therefore important that
each antibody is specifically qualified for t-CyCIF.

At a minimum, antibodies should be tested in multiple tissue specimens,
including positive and negative controls; tissue-microarrays (TMAs) are ideal in
this regard. Fluorescently-conjugated antibodies may also be tested at a variety
of concentrations to optimize signal-to-noise ratio. We report a detailed
protocol for step-by-step procedures for qualifying antibodies in t-CyCIF
imaging (Du et al. 2019).

We have tested a number of antibodies in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE)
tissue specimens against different proteins for their compatibility with
t-CyCIF. These include lineage makers, cytoskeletal proteins, cell cycle
regulators, the phosphorylated forms of signaling proteins and kinases,
transcription factors, and markers of cell state including quiescence,
senescence, apoptosis, and stress. We report a select number of antibodies
recommended for t-CyCIF below. While performance should not be equated to
validation status, it provides some insight as to which antibodies have
performed well in the past and are expected to perform well in new projects.

##### [Recommended Antibodies]({{ "antibodies/recommended" | relative_url }})
Last updated: February 2021

##### [Not Currently Recommended Antibodies]({{ "antibodies/not-recommended" | relative_url }})
Last updated: February 2021

#### Archived Lists

1. [2018 full table]({{ site.baseurl }}/antibodies/archived/2018-full): The
    qualified list of 300 antibodies used in the [Lin, et al. eLife 2018
    paper]({{ site.baseurl }}/publications#lin-elife-2018-paper)

1. [2018 recommended]({{ site.baseurl }}/antibodies/archived/2018-core):
    Representative images of antibody staining patterns for a subset of 41
    antibodies from the [Lin, et al. eLife 2018 paper]({{ site.baseurl
    }}/publications#lin-elife-2018-paper)


